Given
1 The book is checked out
2 the book doesnt exist
3 user is not registered in the system
4 a user has already booked the book
5 the library has flooded
6 the book is checked in
7 the book is checked out and the reservationlist.length / size() > 1
When 
1 a user tries to book the book
2 a user tries to book the book
3 user tries to book the book
4 a user tries to book the book
5 a user tries to book the book
6 a user tries to book the book
7 a user tries to extend the loan period on the book
Then
1 user gets an message that the book is unavailable
2 user gets a message "the book doesnt exist"
3 user gets a message "you need to be logged in to perform this action"
4 user gets a message "you have already booked this book"
5 a user gets message "the library has flooded"
6 user gets a message "book has succesfully been booked"
7 user gets message "book is already reserved by another user"


UP exercise

Primary Actor: USER
Preconditions: The user must be logged in.
Post Conditions: The user has uploaded a place with a description and a picture
Main succes scenario:
1. The user enters the addplace site.
2. The user enters details about a place.
3. The user adds a picture.
4. the user clicks the ok button.
5. The System validates the user.
6. The System stores the place details.
7. The System stores the picture.
8. The System sends a succes message to the user.
9. The user recieves a succes message from the system.
10.the user goes home...



Primary Actor: User
Preconditions: The User must be logged in, A summerhouse exists and is available.
post Conditions: the user succesfully rents a place.
main succes scenario:
1. The user finds a summerhouse
2. the user indicates that he/she wants to rent the summerhouse
3. the system validates the user
4. the system validates the summerhouse availability.
5. the system stores the user as a renter on the summerhouse.
6. the system sets the rental period
7. the system sends back a succes message to the user.
8. the user recieves a succes message from the system.
9. the user logs out.






1 as a user, i want to be able to rent a house. (1 time, 2 timer , 3 timer) f(E) = 2 timer 
2 as a non-user, i want to be able to register. (implememnted!) 
3 as a registered user i want to be able to login. (implememnted!)
4 as a logged in user i want to be able to logout (implemented!)
5 as user i want to be able to add a house to rent out (2 , 4, 8)
given
1,1 a logged in user that has not rented anything as of yet and the house is unrented
1,2 a logged in user that has not rented anything as of yet and the house is already rented
2,1 a non-user whos username is not in use
3,1 a registered user
4,1 a registered user who is logged in
5,1 a user who is logged in	

When
1,1 a user tries to rent the house
1,2 a user tries to rent the house
2,1 a non-user tries to register
3,1 a registered user tries to login
4,1 a registered user tries to log out
5,1 a registered user tries to upload a house to rent out
Then
1,1 the user gets a message "succes", user is marked as a renter on the house, the house is added on the user rent list
1,2 the user gets a message "fail hosue already rented"
2,1 the non-user gets a message "succes", the non-user is registered as a user
3,1 the user gets a message "succes", user is logged in
4,1 the user gets a message "succes", user is logged out
5,1 the user gets a message "succes", user house is added on the house list, user is added on the house as owner.